IAM Auth and Optional WebUI (#313)
awslabs/amazon-s3-find-and-forget: docs/USER_GUIDE.md

     this stack in CloudFormation once deployed.
   - **AdminEmail:** The email address you wish to setup as the initial user of
     this Amazon S3 Find and Forget deployment.

>    - **DeployWebUI:** (Default: true) Choose whether to deploy the Web UI as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **DeployWebUI:** (Default: true) Whether to deploy the Web UI as
```

>      part of the solution. If you do deploy the Web UI AuthMethod must use
>      Cognito. If you do not use the Web UI interaction with the solution is done
>      through the APIs only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     part of the solution. If set to **true**, the AuthMethod parameter must be set
     to **Cognito**. If set to **false**, interaction with the solution is performed
     via the API Gateway only.
```

>    - **AuthMethod:** (Default: Cognito) Choose which method of authentication

Reviewer: have you tested switching from cognito -> sigv4 and vice versa?

Author: I have added a Note on line 177 of this file now to address this.

>    - **AuthMethod:** (Default: Cognito) Choose which method of authentication
>      you would like to use. Cognito must be used if the Web UI is chosen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **AuthMethod:** (Default: Cognito) The authentication method to be
     used for the solution. Must be set to **Cognito** if DeployWebUI is true.
```

### Making authenticated API requests

> To use the API directly, you will need to authenticate requests using the User

Reviewer: I don't think the bit about needing to use the user pool is correct given IAM is an option

Author: Agreed

Pool. The method for authenticating differs depending on which authentication

> option was chosen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option was chosen:
```

   curl $API_URL/v1/queue -H "Authorization: Bearer $ID_TOKEN"
   ```

#### IAM

> Unlike with the previous Cognito method, IAM authentication for API requests is
> done by performing the
> [Signature Version 4 signing process](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-4.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IAM authentication for API requests uses the [Signature Version 4 signing process](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-4.html). Add the
resulting signature to the **Authorization** header when making requests to the API.
```

For more information, consult the [Cognito REST API integration guide].

#### IAM

IAM authentication for API requests uses the
[Signature Version 4 signing process](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-4.html).
Add the resulting signature to the **Authorization** header when making requests
to the API.

Use the Sigv4 process linked above to generate the Authorization header value
and then call the API as normal:

```sh
curl $API_URL/v1/queue -H "Authorization: $Sigv4Auth"
```

IAM authentication can be used anywhere you have AWS credentials with the
correct permissions (_least privilege access_ sample shown below). So this could
be an IAM User or an assumed IAM Role.

```json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": "execute-api:Invoke",
      "Resource": "API_ARN"
    }
  ]
}
```

**Note**: `API_ARN` is to be replaced with the value found in value of the

> `ApiUrl` CloudFormation Stack Output

Author: Good catch, thank you

   curl $API_URL/v1/queue -H "Authorization: Bearer $ID_TOKEN"
   ```

#### IAM

IAM authentication for API requests uses the
[Signature Version 4 signing process](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-4.html).
Add the resulting signature to the **Authorization** header when making requests
to the API.

Use the Sigv4 process linked above to generate the Authorization header value
and then call the API as normal:

```sh
curl $API_URL/v1/queue -H "Authorization: $Sigv4Auth"
```

> 

Reviewer 2: The line below this (372) should be under the Cognito section?

Author: Yep, thanks.
